SGAS NginX setup instructions
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

As of version 3.5, SGAS should be run behind a reverse proxy. This document
explains how to setup NginX as the reverse proxy.

The reason for requiring a reverse proxy are some rare / tricky-to-reproduce
errors in pyOpenSSL. Secondly the view engine requires serving of static files,
which is not a task suitable for Twisted (though it could be done).

NginX exists in most distributions package systems and is a fairly small
package to install.

Note: NginX version 0.7.65 has a bug which causes SSL session cache to fail
when using client certificates. This can bypassed by setting the Firefox config
value "security.enable_tls_session_tickets" to false (in about:config) or
installing a newer version of NginX.


== Installing & Configuration ==

The installation will have installed an NginX configuration file into
/etc/nginx/sites-available. To enable this configuration symlink it from the
NginX sites-enabled directory, typically located at
/etc/nginx/sites-enabled (e.g. Ubuntu) or /etc/nginx/conf.d (e.g. CentOS).

You should to through the values in the installed configuration to see if they
are correct. You will need to set the server_name option, which should be the
FQDN of the machine. This is typically the only value that needs to be set.

If you run a special setup, you may need to set other options. If you have
relocated SGAS you will need to set the directory for the SGAS web files (under
the static location). Note that, if you change the external port number, you
must set the port number in both the listen directive as well as in the header
setting section.

For certificates the default grid locations are specified in the file. Note
that only one file client CAs can be set. By default it is set to 1f0e8352.0,
which is the NorduGrid CA. You may need to change this. It is possible to have
multiple client CAs by catting several CA files together into one file (the CA
files typically end with .0).

If you have SELinux enabled, you may have to explicitely allow usage of
some ports

  sudo semanage port -a -t http_port_t  -p tcp 6143
  sudo semanage port -a -t http_port_t  -p tcp 6180
